Why was the notebook sad?
Because it had too many problems.

You know...there are two words that open many doors in life
Push and pull

Why did the computer go to the doctor?
Because it had a virus.

What do you call cheese that isn’t yours?
Nacho cheese!

I wrote a song about a tortilla…
Actually, it’s more of a wrap.

I wrote a book on reverse psychology…
Please don’t buy it.

I told my girlfriend she was drawing her eyebrows too high…
She looked surprised.

Parallel lines have so much in common…
It’s a shame they’ll never meet.

I’m reading a book about anti-gravity…
It’s impossible to put down.

Is she ready yet?
If a woman says she will be ready in 5 minutes, no need to remind her ever half hour

Elevator Music
Elevator music...it's bad on so many levels

Kilograms
Imagine if Am went lb to kg, mass confusion

Donating Blood
Never donating blood again they asked too many questions: what type is it?, who's is it?, why is it in a bucket?

Pandas
Did you hear about panda that got tricked? Bamboozled

Sandwich
When does a sandwich cook? When it's bacon lettuce and tomato

Christmas Shopping
Halloween is the beginning of the holiday shopping season for women. For men it's Christmas Eve

Follow Your Dreams
I'm sick of following my dreams...I'm just going to ask where they're going and hook up with them later

How long have you been together?
Well we've been happy for ___ ... and then we met

Gettin' Old
You know you're getting old when everything hurts. And what doesn't hurt doesn't work

Age
Age is an issue of mind over matter. If you don't mind, it doesn't matter

Go grocery shopping
I'm at a palce in my life when errands are starting to count as going out

Pass away / Die
When I die, I want to die like my grandfather who died peacefully in his sleep. Not screaming like all the passengers in his car

Long life
I intend to live forever. So far, so good

Creative / creativity
Creativity is knowing how to hide your sources

That's hot / the fire is hot
Give a man a fire and he's warm for a day, but set him on fire and he's warm for the rest of his life

Education
Education is what remains after you forget what you learned in school

Memorize
Never memorize something you can look up

It's hard
This life's hard, but it's harder if you're stupid

I was trying this thing
The distance between genius and insanity is measured only by success

Woah, hold up
Shocking. Positively shocking

I don't think this reference is right
They'll print anything these days

Airports
I love airports. You can eat a pizza and have a glass of wine at 7am in track pants and nobody cares

Doing Nothing
People say nothing is impossible, but I do nothing every day

Dark / Night
A day without sunsine is like, you know, night

Deadlines
I love deadlines. I love the whooshing sound they make as they go by

YOLO
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough

Taxes
I'll teach my kids about taxes by eating 38% of their ice cream

Slow Internet
Before you marry a person, you should first make them use a computer with slow internet to see who they really are

Money can't make you happy
Nah...they just don't know where to shop

When are you coming back?
If I'm not back in 5 minutes, just wait longer

This is the best thing ever!
Not all treasure is silver and gold, mate

You should've went/done...
If you were waiting for the opportune moment, that was it

We were so close
This will be the day you remember as the day we almost _____

How long
We were happy for 20 years, and then we met

honeymoon salad
lettuce with no dressing

Mi mujer me pidioó que fuera más romántico
Así que la cambié el nombre en mi phone a Mi Tesoro

No ronco
Solo respiro con efectos de sonido

Soy muy organizado
Tengo todas mis excusas ordenadas alfabéticamente

Bebo para olvidar
Pero siempre olvido cerrar la botella

Tengo un problema con el jeugo
Pero por suerte solo apuesto al cabello ganador

Mi novia dice que soy inmaduro
Pues la semana que viene cumplo 23 añitos

No soy supersticioso
Me da mala suerte

Tengo un chiste sobre la construccion
Pero todavia lo estoy trabajando

Odio los chistes de mathematicas
Siempre tienen sus problemas

No engordo
Solo retengo recuerdos felices

Mi novia me dejó porque digo demasiados chistes de bomberos
Ahora estoy que ardo

La vida es como un rollo de papel higenico
Cuanto mas cerca del final, mas rapido se acaba

Soy adicto al freno de mano
No puedo parar

Mi dieta va genial
Ya perdí quince días seguidos

No soy vago
Soy modo ahorro de energia

Mi planta de interior se murió
Ahora tengo un bonsái de oficina:Un cactus en el escritorio

Tengo un chiste sobre el tiempo
Pero mejor te lo cuenta mañana

Mi mujer me dejó por un mago
Desapareció mi vida

I got pickpocked there
Yea but it was alright since it felt good

How many people work at your company?
Only some of them

If she prevented me from ___
My lawyers would be in touch

Meal plan
Box of Ramen

Mexico
They have mexican food here?

You're secrets are safe with me!
I don't remember anything anyways

I used to know a guy who paved driveway...now he's gone.
Hopefully he resurfaces one day

Why do scuba divers fall backwards into the water?
If they fell forwards, they would still be in the boat

What do sprinters eat before a race?
Nothing, they fast

I heard diarrhea is hereditary.
It runs in your jeans!

My friend told me he poops once a month,
I told him he's full of shit

I once gave up my seat to a blind man.
That's how I lost my job as a bus driver

I asked an electrician to fix a problem with my wiring.
He refused

Cut ocean in half?
Sea-saw

We were starting a group to bring back Roman numerals,
I don't know about you but I for 1

Did you hear the rumor about butter?
Actually nevermind, I probably shouldn't spread it

Why couldn't the toilet paper cross the road?
It got stuck in a crack

I have a lot of jokes about unemployed people.
Sadly, none of them work

Wiring scooter, bad experience,
shocked when found out

To the person who invented zero,
thanks for nothing

2+2 mathematician, statistician (culturally)
acct, blind door

Comic Sans and Helvetica walk into a bar
bartender says sorry we don't serve your type here

Someone broke into the local Walmart and stole a case of red bull
I don't know how he sleeps at night

What do you call someone who looks after chickens?
A chicken tender

Charcuterie board?
I'm not that much of a shark person but thanks