bar
It takes me 10 minutes to walk from my house to the local bar, and 30 minutes to walk back...the difference is staggering

windmill
One asks the other 'so what kind of music do you like?' He said 'well...I'm a big metal fan'

whale / orcas
Did you know orcas are actually technically porpoises. They just do a killer whale impression

magic
I come from a family of failed magicians. I've got two half sisters

fish
Two fish are in a tank. One says 'do you know how to drive this thing?'

grandpa
my grandfather had the heart of a lion...and a lifetime ban from the zoo

exorcism
What happens when you don't pay your exorcist? You get repossessed

pants
I went to go buy some camo pants, but couldn't find any

math
I failed math so many times in school I can't even count

handle
I used to have a handle on life, but then it broke

old car
When one door closes another opens. Other than that it was a pretty good car

frisbee
I was wondering why the frisbee kept getting bigger and bigger, then it hit me

flamingo
My wife told me to stop impersonating a flamingo. I had to put my foot down

eyebrows
I told my wife she was drawing her eyebrows too high, she looked surprised

which way
my wife got really mad at me for not having a sense of direction. So I packed up my things and right

women talking
I haven't spoken to my wife in 10 years. I don't like to interrupt her

getting old
I'm not saying I'm getting old, but my back goes out now more than I do

diarrhea
Chronic diarrhea, run in my jeans

circumcision
What do you call a cheap circumsicion? A rip off

Late for work
Dude I was sittin angry on the toilet late for work. Thinking: man I don't have time for this shit

my favorite 2 word joke
dwarf shortage

Charcuterie board
I'm not that much of a shark person but thanks

How is your company
How many work there? Only some of them

martinis
Martinis are like titties: One's not enough and 3's too many

baby
I went to a gender reveal party, but everyone else was dressed

stockings
a severed foot is the perfect stocking stuffer

expensive medical
A doctor gave a man 6 months to live, he couldn't pay his bill so the doctor gave him another 6 months

creativity
Creativity is knowing how to hide your sources

Hot, fire
Give a man a fire and he's warm for a day, but set him on fire and he's warm for the rest of his life

school
Education is what remains after you forget what you learned in school

airport
I love airports. You can eat a pizza and have a glass of wine at 7am in track pants and nobody cares

bored / doing nothing
People say nothing is impossible, but I do nothing every day

dark / night
A day without sunsine is like, you know, night

trying something new
The distance between genius and insanity is measured only by success

it's hard / dumb
This life's hard, but it's harder if you're stupid

long life
I intend to live forever. So far, so good

Hantavirus
Someone started playing Plague Inc on the Scientology computer

white monster
I got one of those in my pants

boobs
what do you call symmetric boobs? Identitties